very good to all of you surely you have
set when creating alarms and
armor in devil 3 that the new
recipes they ask for eg objects
whites that are ascension creams or
if you know the campaign ended I received
the recipe at the end you will see that they ask you
some pleasures of ascension apart from
specific materials that
true this same of the end of campaign
right now it is played and it is that in
Europe is a week they will not
fix approximately with the same
this then they ask you for special essences
how good can you look where it is
get in the game forum as it has
there has been a person who has posted where
you get it but what it will cost you
Maybe it's finding the objects
whites that ask you then well then
you have two options one of two you are going to
the sidewalks of the lawyers and you look for
Well, the place where Adrián is
kill her or you have another option if you do not
you have completed the mission of
templar
good those teams running equipment like
I have myself now you can even
put
to the legend, then speed e
move everything you have, you will have
with the Templar when you speak for
get the mission
If you are on the last mission, the
angel of death and you talk to him
Well, the mission skips and this is
very simple you are running you can
do it in torments 6 finally at
principle had its objects to break
you speak here with this one
and it is important not to complete this
mission enter here in the bulwark and
we started the gun show
exhibitor of weapons that barrels us
Exhibitor of armors exhibitor of
armor plus barrels exhibitor
armor display armors
exhibitor of weapons book exhibitor
well there is a pot book display
exhibitor of armors we go that to the
final if you do not find what you are looking for
to be bad luck the breeze that another
door around here talk to this one
free people here and we go to the room
of the great master exhibitor of weapons
Exhibitor of armors of exhibitor of
armor exhibitor armors of
exhibitor of armors and here the other
Exhibitor weapons
so bad it will be that I did not consider
this way then the object that you lack
if important do not talk to the great
teacher because if you do not see
good ya
I guess it 's starting a fight or
leave the game without more and go back to
enter and well then we are from
way that tells us to help her
buy to the mission if the have
completed well then now you do with
a second character or else you are looking for a
friend that has the mission and that takes you
and in this way you will find the
whites that you need good I hope that
this will help us complete our
recipes and we'll see each other in the next
video of devil 3 chao chao